do you live paycheck to paycheck well
your neighbor does in today's video
we're going to look at the state of the
economy and I'm going to show you some
official sources so that we can have a
laugh together and then we could look at
the actual real evidence of what's going
on because if we have both sides of the
equation we're going to know what the
government the business is the central
banks are looking at to make decisions
and then we're going to be able to see
what is actually going on on Main Street
if you would walk down the street and
start to talk to people you talk to
business owners and you get the sense
from the way things are operating it is
a complete departure from what they're
telling us isn't that the way it's
looking you tell me in today's video
we're going to break that all down my
name is David quintiri and what I do at
this channel is I take all of this
really complicated information I take so
much of it and I funnel that down and I
make it very easy for everybody to
understand so that they can make the
best decisions for themselves and their
families I've been knee-deep in the
trans trenches for well over a decade in
today's video I'm not only going to tell
you what's going on I'm going to tell
you what you've got to do some tips and
strategies let's begin by looking at
what's happening paycheck to paycheck 70
excuse me 61 of Americans are living
paycheck to paycheck inflation is still
squeezing the budgets it isn't a
surprise obviously to anybody that we
are watching this going on not just in
the United States but it's going on in
Canada that's going on all over the
world right Dollar General can you
believe this Dollar General stock
tumbles after retailer misses earnings
estimates and lowers Guidance the Dollar
Store is having problems when the dollar
store has problems you know there's an
issue there's a lot going on right now
where people simply cannot afford the
Basic Essentials we're talking about the
cheapest store available it's the dollar
store yes there's different levels of
Dollar Store and so on but I think you
get the point it's a discount Shopper
all right now you look at the data it is
obvious it's telling us what's going on
and the problems are unavoidable
unavoidable economy is sick and I will
show you the data that proves that these
are just some facts jobs Market is an
absolute mess can you guess what food
inflation they're telling us the stats
that they're telling us can you guess
what food inflation is from July of last
year to July of 2023 okay the year over
year comparison you could think to
yourself what it is for you if you look
at your total like okay I bought two
bags of groceries that costs let's just
say fifty dollars last year what is it
this year or think about it from 2019 up
into the present after a few years let's
just say three years
what has the changes been for you well
I'm going to show you the data that's
going to make you absolutely sick to
your stomach so take some gravel take
some Pepto-Bismol we're going to move on
into this all right it's it's crazy
banks are still pulling from the
emergency facility that was set up okay
that tells you something's going on here
why are they still utilizing this we are
many many months out that was going on
in March and they said everything's fine
why are the banks still taking from this
facility that's at a higher interest
rate than the other ways that they can
borrow something's going on there's a
lot of stress inside these markets now
what did you say that inflation was let
me tell you this okay this is not me
saying it don't be angry at me
but in terms of food
4.9 percent
but fruits and vegetables 2.9 okay so
when you factor in all food that
includes the oils and the oils have this
like huge surge all right but what I
want to point to is the fruits and
vegetables 2.9 year over year that is
not true that is absolutely not true if
something for instance was 299 last year
it's 399 this year okay if it was 3.99
it's 4.99 like everything at a dollar on
top of it that's a fact at least a
dollar at the very least nothing nothing
for the most part unless you're getting
very low quality fruits and vegetables
you can always find those
um I go to the little market I get what
I can at this one place local place uh
but that's definitely a lower quality
when we're talking about the fruits and
vegetables for the most part and you got
to pick and choose you got to get the
right ones you've got to know when the
shipment comes in I get direct from The
Source I buy in bulk from them so I know
I've got that but I look around and I
see and not a good scenario okay but you
can work out a deal I worked out a deal
you find the local shop you say if I
come in all the time I'll continue to
give you that business but you got to
give me a discount most people don't
even ask for that you just you have to
build a rapport with them and that's
important because they need your
business there's competitors everywhere
there's all these different competitors
you can't do that to the big businesses
but you can do that with small business
hey I'll support you I'll keep coming
but look at us come on we got to do a
deal here okay that's what you've got to
be aware of a lot of people don't know
that
all right T-Mobile promised to add jobs
after Sprint merger but it cut thousands
instead seven percent by the way of its
Workforce yeah we're gonna add jobs okay
I promise prom I promise you if you
allow us to merge we're going to add
jobs it's going to be great for the
economy uh oh sorry I'm sorry it's not a
recession but yeah we're just going to
cut seven percent of our jobs this is
what happens every time what about this
2023 jobs in the tech industry 233
000 have been cut
it's I mean unbelievable these are all
the things and then look you get the
numbers you get the data and then what
happens is they get revised and they get
revised down in fact every single time
this year all of the 2023 monthly jobs
data was revised lower and now all the
housing data has also been revised drum
roll lower think about that for a second
here jobs data housing data all lower
but which information do you hear in the
news do you think they're going to bring
any oh by the way uh for the past six
months we've been telling you that
everything is a lower uh you know it's
not as good as it was higher I'm sorry
it's actually lower
never never yeah maybe at the back of
the paper maybe at the you know the the
websites that nobody's looking at at
this point they give you the headline
information when it first comes out it
looks positive and they know it's going
to be revised lower tomorrow all of that
information all of that to say
There's real stuff there's the fake
stuff but always remember I say it again
and again that if we're looking at the
fake stuff the manipulated stuff it's
because that's what businesses central
banks uh you know the commercial Banks
everybody involved they're using that
data so we have to pay attention we
could ignore that and say Ah that's not
the real stuff sure for you it doesn't
affect you in that sense but a business
might say oh we're in a recession right
now we're slashing jobs
or they might you know depending how
they're going to react to that you got
to understand it okay so there's two
pieces of data and that's why we'll look
at the data now here we are
percentage difference between the median
prices and real uh disposable personal
income so this is after taxes DPI okay
and you look at it this is incredible on
a real DPI basis home prices are roughly
80 percent above where they should be 80
so if we if you'll allow me to round
this double imagine think of the home
right now where you are that's a million
dollars that home should be more like
five hundred thousand dollars if it's
two million should be more like a
million
that is wild what does that mean
overvaluation a lot of people are
getting the clicks by telling you that
we're going to deflate massively in the
major cities we're going to experience
this huge deflation and home prices will
come down by 50 percent by 40 whatever
number they're show they're shoving in
your face I see these people
and
um they're great I just want to let you
know that when you uh look at them I
mean Nostradamus he's he's done some
great stuff okay but I'm not part of
that crew okay I don't know what's going
to happen tomorrow but I can tell you
what the Federal Reserve promises and
that is they will not allow deflation
so you you can decide what you want to
believe
there could be a moment of deflation
things start to sink down but already
the Federal Reserve is essentially in
preparation to get this going again and
start to cut interest rates they're not
doing that they're not necessarily
saying that but they're kind of hinting
like okay when the time is right we're
going to cut interest rates that is
frightening because that's like taking
gasoline and pouring it all over this
fire crazy
look at this you can look at the
inflation as measured by the pce
personal consumption expenditure has
basically been all like within this
level since 2021.
okay from 2021 up until today that the
way that they measure that it's still at
the same level
I mean to me that shows there is this in
by the way this is excluding housing so
that was the big one too because the
yeah those rent mortgages everything is
going crazy but even when you exclude it
it's still off the charts
personal consumption expenditure this is
uh just looking at and you could
see over the last while year over year
and it has come up in the last little
while China's cutting their down payment
and mortgage rates in a stimulus drive
so the same thing trying to get that
stimulus going many people are starting
to say that China doing this is kind of
the beginning of the next part of this
cycle I want to know what you think
about that as well they're they're
hurting no no question about it
um this is about rent control and I
wanted to touch on the fact that there's
going to be
um you know one side or the other all I
got to say is the more intervention that
takes place the worse things generally
get and there's going to be an
intervention on a mass scale and I
believe they're going to do the rollout
of a cbdc as well as universal basic
income
Ubi is something that many are waiting
for and hoping for because it's going to
be the solution to their problems
however there will be strings attached
don't forget that be very careful let's
get prepared now so hopefully we never
have to use that Ubi so they don't have
to give us a the world coin uh you know
orb and make us scan our eyeballs
and the government by the way is able to
access that information from the eyeball
scans not good and by the way uh
bankruptcy filings are very high haven't
seen these levels since the financial
crisis uh but you know here we go and
this is at a time in which by the way
throughout 2020 they were just sending
millions of dollars here billions of
dollars there to all of these different
companies
and all kinds of companies got that
money all kinds of Nickelback got your
money Nickelback okay so I mean it's
just to see these things and the way
that they do it they do not care what
can you do don't just sit there don't be
idle you've got to take action and there
are simple things that don't even cost
money that you could be employing right
now today and I'll just cover some of
the basics number one grow any food that
you can number one the health aspect
that's a no-brainer but also the
preparedness aspect if you don't have
an area to grow maybe you have a friend
family member co-worker somebody you say
look I'll build the whole garden for you
I'll do all of that effort for you and
you know let me just come by and I'll
take some stuff and I'll do that and you
can take whatever you want from it I'm
telling you if people would actually
suggest these things but they're they're
nah you know what no no no people would
people want that they just don't want to
do that initial effort but you do all
that initial effort and you could
actually make this happen but you should
be doing it for yourself if you have a
backyard I would actually recommend that
look at Falling Fruit dot org or just
type into a search engine Falling Fruit
and this will bring up a website that
will show you on like a Google map where
all the different trees around your area
are that have some sort of edible
component and you would be surprised if
you live in a very cold climate you look
around and you know those trees out
there those bushes out there randomly
they've got these weird berries on them
those berries might actually be edible
and you could pinpoint that by looking
at this website Falling Fruit and you
can see for yourself okay service
berries service berries are everywhere
there's Ginkgo that's in different
places people are paying money they're
going to the store the health food shop
they're getting all these things when
they're probably in your area Falling
Fruit okay check that out and the last
thing put money aside by sharing with
others and one of the examples of a
carpool so maybe you are going in that
same direction as somebody else why not
be carpooling if you can I know
something simple but think about that
there are things that you are using
completely separate from
um you know somebody else and meanwhile
you could be sharing and that allows you
to then save you save the money some
people they go to the farm they go to
you know the Amish whatever it is and
they say I'm gonna get this animal we're
gonna cut it up we're going to divide
that up it might be too big for one
family but if you can split that into
three or four whatever the case is well
then you can get a big discount share
put that money aside do what you got to
do look on the Discord this is the place
you got to be over 1200 people in here I
am bringing out the latest and greatest
and Compass by the way Compass is going
to be released the very first people are
going to get it in this chord so you
want to get that this is totally free
hit the link in the description below
and don't forget the comment of the day
I didn't forget check it out uh eat my
oats has this to say thank you very much
for your comment computer science
college graduates automated applying
detailed applications for twelve
thousand posted job openings only three
interviews this mirrors multiple
independent experiences even Chevron was
running ads and today they're just laid
off huge percents on the way out make
sure you hit that thumbs up button and
if you have any things you want to
suggest to me please let me know I'll
see on the next one take care